.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## Related Issue (if applicable)
<!-- If applicable, please reference to a related issue in this repository. -->

## Description
<!-- Describe your changes in detail.
     Please explain the change to the reviewer. For example, if it's a change in the file name or directory 
     name please flag it out since it’s hard to compare text after such a change -->
<!-- Provide a summary of your changes in the title above 
     Please remember to add the following: 
     - A description of the changes proposed in the pull request. 
       Please explain the change to the reviewer. Pay special attention for changes that are hard to spot, 
       for example, if it's a change in the file name or directory name please flag it out since it’s hard 
       to compare text after such a change 
     - @mentions of the person or team responsible for reviewing proposed changes. -->

## Motivation and Context
<!-- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->

## Preview Link
<!-- Add a preview link to make it easier for reviewer to review. -->
## Screenshots (if appropriate)

## Types of changes
<!-- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply: -->
- [ ] Fixing typo (please merge to production)
- [ ] Documenting a new feature (please merge to production)
- [ ] Documentation for future release (please do not merge to production)
- [ ] Something else (please add if needs merging to production or not)

## Checklist
<!-- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply -->
- [ ] I have [reviewed the guidelines](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing to this repository.
- [ ] I have [read the technical guidelines](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING-TECHNICAL-GUIDE.md) for contributing to this repository.
- [ ] Make sure you have started *your change* off *our latest `master`*.
- [ ] I have added a preview link.

Commit message:

release new docs to production 5.1

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

### For internal users - please add a Jira DX PR ticket to the subject!
---
### Preview Link
<!-- Add a direct preview link to make it easier for the reviewer to review. Best to add a few direct links to the pages in the PR -->

### Description
<!-- 1. Describe your changes in detail. Why is this change required? What problem does it solve?
     2. Please explain the change to the reviewer. Pay special attention to changes that are hard to spot, 
       for example:
       2.1. Name change in the file name or directory name - please flag it out since it’s hard 
            to compare text after such a change 
       2.2. Terminology change - flag it out to make sure the reviewer is aware before approving
     3. @mentions of the person to review the proposed changes. They need to be able to know the topic well in order to approve it.
-->

#### Screenshots (if appropriate)

## Checklist
<!-- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply -->

- [ ] I have added a **preview link** to the PR description.
- [ ] I have [reviewed the guidelines](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contributing to this repository.
- [ ] I have [read the technical guidelines](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING-TECHNICAL-GUIDE.md) for contributing to this repository.
- [ ] Make sure you have started *your change* off *our latest `master`*.
- [ ] I **labelled** the PR
<!-- Label your PR according to the type of changes that your code introduces. This ensures that we know how/when to publish the PR. These are the options:
- Fixing typo (please merge to production) - add the label `now`
- Documenting a new feature (please merge to production) - add the label `now`
- Documentation for future release (please do not merge to production) - add label `future release` and label of the release
- [Something else (please add if needs merging to production or not) - add label according to the above logic -->
