tyk-docs/content/tyk-dashboard/data-storage-configuration.md, before:

---
title: "Data Storage Configuration"
tags: ["Database", "Options", "MongoDB", "SQL", "PostgreSQL", "Dashboard"]
description: "How to configure Tyk data storage layers"
---

As well as SQL platform support, we have introduced 4 separate data storage layers. You can configure each layer separately to use one of our supported database platforms, or use a single platform for all layers. The data storage layers are as follows:
1. *Main*: Storage for Tyk configurations, including: APIs, Policies, Users and User Groups.
2. *Aggregate Analytics*: Used for displaying all charts and analytics in Dashboard.
3. *Logs*: When detailed logging is enabled, this includes: request, response logs etc.These can previewed in the Tyk Dashboard log browser page.
4. *Uptime*: Uptime test analytics.

Being extensible, Tyk supports storing this data across different databases (MongoDB, MySQL and PostgreSQL etc.). For example, Tyk can be configured to store analytics in PostgreSQL, logs in MongoDB and uptime data in MySQL.

As illustrated below it can be seen that Tyk Pump writes to one or more data storage layers. Conversely, Tyk Dashboard reads from one or more data storage layers. 

<Add illustration here>

Subsequently, Tyk Pump and Tyk Dashboard can be configured to write/read from a variety of data storage layers by providing the following information:
- The type of data storage layer.
- The database engine.
- The database connection string.

The remainder of this document explains how to configure Tyk Dashboard and Tyk Pump to read and write from one or more data storage layers, respectively.

## How To Configure Tyk Dashboard To Read From A Data Storage Layer

Tyk Dashboard has configuration environment variables for each data storage layer in the following format:

```console
TYK_DB_STORAGE_<LAYER>_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_<LAYER>_CONNECTIONSTRING
```

where *LAYER* can be *ANALYTICS*, *LOGS* or *UPTIME*.

For example, to configure Tyk Dashboard to read logs from a mongo database, the following environment variables are required:

```console
TYK_DB_STORAGE_LOGS_TYPE=mongo
TYK_DB_STORAGE_LOGS_CONNECTIONSTRING=mongodb://db_host_name:27017/tyk_analytics
```

The full set of environment variables are listed below:

```console
TYK_DB_STORAGE_MAIN_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_MAIN_CONNECTIONSTRING
TYK_DB_STORAGE_LOGS_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_LOGS_CONNECTIONSTRING
TYK_DB_STORAGE_ANALYTICS_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_ANALYTICS_CONNECTIONSTRING
TYK_DB_STORAGE_UPTIME_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_UPTIME_CONNECTIONSTRING
```

<where is the equivalent JSON are there examples to link to?>

It should be noted that Tyk will attempt to use the configuration for the *main* data storage layer when no corresponding configuration is available for logs, uptime or analytics.


## How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write To A Data Storage Layer Using Environment Vairables?

Please consult the Pump configuration [guide]({{< ref "tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-dashboard-config#3-sql-uptime-pump" >}}) for an explanation of how to configure Tyk Pump to write to different storage layers.

The remainder of this section explains the *environment variables* that can be used to configure Tyk Pump to write to the following data storage layers:
- Uptime
- Aggregated Analytics
- Analytics
- Logs

### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Uptime Data?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write uptime data to SQL (Postgres and SQL Lite) and Mongo. The default behaviour is to write to Mongo.

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Uptime Data To A PostgreSQL Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a PostgreSQL database, using the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_UPTIMETYPE*: Set to *sql* to configure Pump to store logs in a SQL based database.
- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_TYPE*: Set to *postgres* to configure Pump to use a PostgreSQL database for uptime data.
- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_CONNECTIONSTRING*: Set the connection string for the PostgreSQL database.

An example configuration is shown below:

```console
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_UPTIMETYPE=sql
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_TYPE=postgres
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_CONNECTIONSTRING=user=postgres password=topsecretpassword host=tyk-postgres port=5432 database=tyk_analytics
```

Further details for configuring an uptime SQL database are available [here]({{< ref "tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#sql-uptime-pump" >}})

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Uptime Data To A Mongo Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a Mongo database, using the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_UPTIMETYPE*: Set to *mongo* to configure Pump to store logs in a Mongo database.
- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_MONGOURL*: Set to Mongo database connection string.
- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_COLLECTIONNAME*: Set to the name of the collection used to store uptime analytics.

```console
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_UPTIMETYPE=mongo
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_MONGOURL=mongodb://db_host_name:27017/tyk_uptime_db
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_COLLECTIONNAME=umptime_analytics
```

Further details for configuring a Tyk Mongo Pump are available [here](<{{ ref "tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#mongo-uptime-pump" }}>)

### How to Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write logs to Mongo or SQL based databases.

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs To A Mongo Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a Mongo database by setting the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE*: Set to *mongo* to configure Pump to store logs in a Mongo database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_MONGOURL*: Set the connection string for the Mongo database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_COLLECTION_NAME*: Set the name of the collection that will store logs in the Mongo database.

An example is listed below:

```console
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE=mongo
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_MONGOURL=mongodb://tyk-mongo:27017/tyk_analytics
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_COLLECTIONNAME=tyk_logs
```

### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs To A SQL Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write logs to SQL based databases. This section provides examples for how to configure Tyk Pump to write to Postgres or MySQL databases.

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs To A PostgreSQL Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a PostgreSQL database by setting the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE*: Set to *SQL* to configure Pump to store logs in a SQL based database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_TYPE*: Set to *postgres* to configure Pump to store logs in a PostgreSQL database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_CONNECTIONSTRING*: Set the name of the connection string for the PostgreSQL database.

```console
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE=SQL
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_TYPE=postgres
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_CONNECTIONSTRING=user=postgres password=topsecretpassword host=tyk-postgres port=5432 database=tyk_analytics
```

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs To A MySQL Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a MySQL database by setting the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE*: Set to *SQL* to configure Pump to store logs in a SQL based database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_TYPE*: Set to *mysql* to configure Pump to store logs in a MySQL database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_CONNECTIONSTRING*: Set the name of the connection string for the MySQL database.

```console
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE=SQL
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_TYPE=mysql
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_CONNECTIONSTRING=mysql://db_host_name:3306/tyk_logs_db
```

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Aggregated Analytics Data?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write aggregated analytics data to SQL based databases or MongoDB. Aggregated analytics corresponds to data that is used for the display of charts and graphs in [dashboard](LINK HERE).

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Aggregated Analytics To A SQL Database?

Aggregated analytics data has been tested with PostgreSQL and SqlLite databases. The following environment variables can be used to manage this configuration:

- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_TYPE*: Set to *sql_aggregate* to configure Pump to store aggregated analytics data for charts and graphs in dashboard to a SQL based database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_META_TYPE*: The database engine used to store aggregate analytics. Tested values are *postgres* or *sqlite*.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_META_CONNECTIONSTRING*: The connection string for the database that will store the aggregated analytics.

The example below demonstrates how to configure Tyk Pump to write aggregated to a PostgreSQL database:

```console
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_TYPE=SQL
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_META_TYPE=postgres
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_META_CONNECTIONSTRING=user=postgres password=topsecretpassword host=tyk-postgres port=5432 database=tyk_aggregated_analytics
```

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Aggregated Analytics To A Mongo Database?

TODO

Commit message:

Add Mongo Aggregated analytics storage data

tyk-docs/content/tyk-dashboard/data-storage-configuration.md, after:

---
title: "Data Storage Configuration"
tags: ["Database", "Options", "MongoDB", "SQL", "PostgreSQL", "Dashboard"]
description: "How to configure Tyk data storage layers"
---

As well as SQL platform support, we have introduced 4 separate data storage layers. You can configure each layer separately to use one of our supported database platforms, or use a single platform for all layers. The data storage layers are as follows:
1. *Main*: Storage for Tyk configurations, including: APIs, Policies, Users and User Groups.
2. *Aggregate Analytics*: Used for displaying all charts and analytics in Dashboard.
3. *Logs*: When detailed logging is enabled, this includes: request, response logs etc.These can previewed in the Tyk Dashboard log browser page.
4. *Uptime*: Uptime test analytics.

Being extensible, Tyk supports storing this data across different databases (MongoDB, MySQL and PostgreSQL etc.). For example, Tyk can be configured to store analytics in PostgreSQL, logs in MongoDB and uptime data in MySQL.

As illustrated below it can be seen that Tyk Pump writes to one or more data storage layers. Conversely, Tyk Dashboard reads from one or more data storage layers. 

<Add illustration here>

Subsequently, Tyk Pump and Tyk Dashboard can be configured to write/read from a variety of data storage layers by providing the following information:
- The type of data storage layer.
- The database engine.
- The database connection string.

The remainder of this document explains how to configure Tyk Dashboard and Tyk Pump to read and write from one or more data storage layers, respectively.

## How To Configure Tyk Dashboard To Read From A Data Storage Layer

Tyk Dashboard has configuration environment variables for each data storage layer in the following format:

```console
TYK_DB_STORAGE_<LAYER>_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_<LAYER>_CONNECTIONSTRING
```

where *LAYER* can be *ANALYTICS*, *LOGS* or *UPTIME*.

For example, to configure Tyk Dashboard to read logs from a mongo database, the following environment variables are required:

```console
TYK_DB_STORAGE_LOGS_TYPE=mongo
TYK_DB_STORAGE_LOGS_CONNECTIONSTRING=mongodb://db_host_name:27017/tyk_analytics
```

The full set of environment variables are listed below:

```console
TYK_DB_STORAGE_MAIN_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_MAIN_CONNECTIONSTRING
TYK_DB_STORAGE_LOGS_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_LOGS_CONNECTIONSTRING
TYK_DB_STORAGE_ANALYTICS_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_ANALYTICS_CONNECTIONSTRING
TYK_DB_STORAGE_UPTIME_TYPE
TYK_DB_STORAGE_UPTIME_CONNECTIONSTRING
```

<where is the equivalent JSON are there examples to link to?>

It should be noted that Tyk will attempt to use the configuration for the *main* data storage layer when no corresponding configuration is available for logs, uptime or analytics.


## How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write To A Data Storage Layer Using Environment Vairables?

Please consult the Pump configuration [guide]({{< ref "tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-dashboard-config#3-sql-uptime-pump" >}}) for an explanation of how to configure Tyk Pump to write to different storage layers.

The remainder of this section explains the *environment variables* that can be used to configure Tyk Pump to write to the following data storage layers:
- Uptime
- Aggregated Analytics
- Analytics
- Logs

### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Uptime Data?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write uptime data to SQL (Postgres and SQL Lite) and Mongo. The default behaviour is to write to Mongo.

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Uptime Data To A PostgreSQL Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a PostgreSQL database, using the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_UPTIMETYPE*: Set to *sql* to configure Pump to store logs in a SQL based database.
- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_TYPE*: Set to *postgres* to configure Pump to use a PostgreSQL database for uptime data.
- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_CONNECTIONSTRING*: Set the connection string for the PostgreSQL database.

An example configuration is shown below:

```console
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_UPTIMETYPE=sql
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_TYPE=postgres
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_CONNECTIONSTRING=user=postgres password=topsecretpassword host=tyk-postgres port=5432 database=tyk_analytics
```

Further details for configuring an uptime SQL database are available [here]({{< ref "tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#sql-uptime-pump" >}})

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Uptime Data To A Mongo Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a Mongo database, using the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_UPTIMETYPE*: Set to *mongo* to configure Pump to store logs in a Mongo database.
- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_MONGOURL*: Set to Mongo database connection string.
- *TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_COLLECTIONNAME*: Set to the name of the collection used to store uptime analytics.

```console
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_UPTIMETYPE=mongo
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_MONGOURL=mongodb://db_host_name:27017/tyk_uptime_db
TYK_PMP_UPTIMEPUMPCONFIG_COLLECTIONNAME=umptime_analytics
```

Further details for configuring a Tyk Mongo Pump are available [here](<{{ ref "tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#mongo-uptime-pump" }}>)

### How to Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write logs to Mongo or SQL based databases.

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs To A Mongo Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a Mongo database by setting the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE*: Set to *mongo* to configure Pump to store logs in a Mongo database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_MONGOURL*: Set the connection string for the Mongo database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_COLLECTION_NAME*: Set the name of the collection that will store logs in the Mongo database.

An example is listed below:

```console
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE=mongo
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_MONGOURL=mongodb://tyk-mongo:27017/tyk_analytics
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_COLLECTIONNAME=tyk_logs
```

### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs To A SQL Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write logs to SQL based databases. This section provides examples for how to configure Tyk Pump to write to Postgres or MySQL databases.

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs To A PostgreSQL Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a PostgreSQL database by setting the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE*: Set to *SQL* to configure Pump to store logs in a SQL based database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_TYPE*: Set to *postgres* to configure Pump to store logs in a PostgreSQL database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_CONNECTIONSTRING*: Set the name of the connection string for the PostgreSQL database.

```console
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE=SQL
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_TYPE=postgres
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_CONNECTIONSTRING=user=postgres password=topsecretpassword host=tyk-postgres port=5432 database=tyk_analytics
```

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Logs To A MySQL Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write to a MySQL database by setting the following environment variables:

- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE*: Set to *SQL* to configure Pump to store logs in a SQL based database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_TYPE*: Set to *mysql* to configure Pump to store logs in a MySQL database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_CONNECTIONSTRING*: Set the name of the connection string for the MySQL database.

```console
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_TYPE=SQL
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_TYPE=mysql
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_LOGS_META_CONNECTIONSTRING=mysql://db_host_name:3306/tyk_logs_db
```

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Aggregated Analytics Data?

Aggregated analytics corresponds to data that is used for the display of charts and graphs in [dashboard](LINK HERE). Tyk Pump can be configured to write aggregated analytics data to SQL based databases or MongoDB.

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Aggregated Analytics To A SQL Database?

Storage of aggregated analytics data has been tested with PostgreSQL and SqlLite databases. The following environment variables can be used to manage this configuration:

- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_TYPE*: Set to *sql_aggregate* to configure Pump to store aggregated analytics data for charts and graphs in dashboard to a SQL based database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_META_TYPE*: The database engine used to store aggregate analytics. Tested values are *postgres* or *sqlite*.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_META_CONNECTIONSTRING*: The connection string for the database that will store the aggregated analytics.

The example below demonstrates how to configure Tyk Pump to write aggregated to a PostgreSQL database:

```console
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_TYPE=SQL
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_META_TYPE=postgres
TYK_PMP_PUMPS_SQLAGGREGATE_META_CONNECTIONSTRING=user=postgres password=topsecretpassword host=tyk-postgres port=5432 database=tyk_aggregated_analytics
```

#### How To Configure Tyk Pump To Write Aggregated Analytics To A Mongo Database?

Tyk Pump can be configured to write aggregated analytics data to MongoDB. Aggregated analytics are written to a collection named *z_tyk_analyticz_aggregate_{ORG ID}*, where *ORG_ID* corresponds to the ID of your organisation assigned by Tyk.

The following environment variables can be used as a minimum to manage this configuration:

- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_MONGOAGGREGATE_TYPE*: Set to *mongo-pump-aggregate* to configure Pump to store aggregated analytics data in a MongoDB database.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_MONGOAGGREGATE_META_MONGODRIVERTYPE*: Set the MonogoDB driver type to *mongo-go* or *mgo*.
- *TYK_PMP_PUMPS_MONGOAGGREGATE_META_MONGOURL*: Mongo database connection URL.

An example is given below:

```console
- TYK_PMP_PUMPS_MONGOAGGREGATE_TYPE=mongo-pump-aggregate
- TYK_PMP_PUMPS_MONGOAGGREGATE_META_MONGODRIVERTYPE=mgo
- TYK_PMP_PUMPS_MONGOAGGREGATE_META_MONGOURL=mongodb://db_host_name:27017/tyk_aggregated_analytics_db
```
