tyk-docs/content/tyk-cloud/using-custom-domains.md, before:

---
title: "Using Custom Domains"
date: 2020-07-15
tags: ["Tyk Cloud", "Configuration", "Domains"]
description: "How to use custom domains with Tyk Cloud"
weight: 4
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Configuration Options"
---

## Introduction

You can set up Tyk Cloud to use a custom domain. Using custom domains is available on our free trial and all our paid [plans](https://tyk.io/price-comparison/). You can use a custom domain for both your **Control Planes** and **Edge Gateways**.

### Custom Domains with Control Planes

* Currently, you can only use **one custom domain** per Control Plane deployment.
* The custom domain in this case ties to a **Tyk Developer Portal**. Please set up a **CNAME DNS** record such that it points to the "Portal" ingress as displayed on your Control Plane deployment page.
  
### Custom Domains with Edge Gateways

You can set multiple custom domains on an Edge Gateway. In this instance please set up your CNAME DNS records such that they point to the only ingress displayed on your Edge deployment page.

Note: While you can set multiple custom domains for an Edge Gateway, a single custom domain cannot be used for multiple Edge Gateways.

## How to set up a Custom Domain

In this example we are going to set up a custom domain called `edge.corp.com` for an Edge deployment.

1. Create a CNAME DNS record `edge.corp.com` that points to your Edge ingress (e.g. `something-something.aws-euw2.cloud-ara.tyk.io`).
2. From your Edge deployment, select **Edit** from the Status drop-down.

{{< img src="/img/2.10/edge-dropdown.png" alt="Edge drop-down" >}}

3. Enter `edge.corp.com` in the Custom Domains field.

{{< img src="/img/2.10/edge_custom_domain.png" alt="Edge Custom Domain" >}}

4. Click **Save and Re-deploy**.

{{< img src="/img/2.10/save_redeploy.png" alt="Save and Re-Deploy" >}}

### How our Custom Domain functionality works

When you point your custom domain to your deployment, we use [Let\'s Encrypt\'s](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/challenge-types/#http-01-challenge) **HTTP01 ACME**  challenge type, which verifies ownership by accessing your custom CNAME on your Control Plane or Edge deployment. For example - `something-something.aws-euw2.cloud-ara.tyk.io` above.

Commit message:

TT-9079: rename edge gateway wording to cloud data plane (#2642)
rename edge gateway wording to cloud data plane

---------

Co-authored-by: Simon Pears <simon@tyk.io>
Co-authored-by: dcs3spp <dcs3spp@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Yaara <yaara@tyk.io>

(cherry picked from commit 5569c27558b8cc44d4a21d54c3f772e838ab0699)

tyk-docs/content/tyk-cloud/using-custom-domains.md, after:

---
title: "Using Custom Domains"
date: 2020-07-15
tags: ["Tyk Cloud", "Configuration", "Domains"]
description: "How to use custom domains with Tyk Cloud"
weight: 4
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Configuration Options"
---

## Introduction

You can set up Tyk Cloud to use a custom domain. Using custom domains is available on our free trial and all our paid [plans](https://tyk.io/price-comparison/). You can use a custom domain for both your **Control Planes** and **Cloud Data Planes**.

### Custom Domains with Control Planes

* Currently, you can only use **one custom domain** per Control Plane deployment.
* The custom domain in this case ties to a **Tyk Developer Portal**. Please set up a **CNAME DNS** record such that it points to the "Portal" ingress as displayed on your Control Plane deployment page.
  
### Custom Domains with Cloud Data Planes

You can set multiple custom domains on a Cloud Data Plane. In this instance please set up your CNAME DNS records such that they point to the only ingress displayed on your Cloud Data Plane deployment page.

Note: While you can set multiple custom domains for a Cloud Data Plane, a single custom domain cannot be used for multiple Cloud Data Planes.

## How to set up a Custom Domain

In this example we are going to set up a custom domain called `Cloud Data Plane.corp.com` for a Cloud Data Plane deployment.

1. Create a CNAME DNS record `edge.corp.com` that points to your Cloud Data Plane ingress (e.g. `something-something.aws-euw2.cloud-ara.tyk.io`).
2. From your Cloud Data Plane deployment, select **Edit** from the Status drop-down.

{{< img src="/img/2.10/edge-dropdown.png" alt="Cloud Data Plane drop-down" >}}

3. Enter `edge.corp.com` in the Custom Domains field.

{{< img src="/img/2.10/edge_custom_domain.png" alt="Cloud Data Plane Custom Domain" >}}

4. Click **Save and Re-deploy**.

{{< img src="/img/2.10/save_redeploy.png" alt="Save and Re-Deploy" >}}

### How our Custom Domain functionality works

When you point your custom domain to your deployment, we use [Let\'s Encrypt\'s](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/challenge-types/#http-01-challenge) **HTTP01 ACME**  challenge type, which verifies ownership by accessing your custom CNAME on your Control Plane or Cloud Data Plane deployment. For example - `something-something.aws-euw2.cloud-ara.tyk.io` above.
