tyk-docs/content/tyk-apis.md, before:

---
title: Tyk APIs
weight: 190
menu: none
---

We have our own APIs and a Postman public workspace.

## Tyk Postman Collections

We have a Postman public workspace where you can view, fork and test our Gateway and Dashboard APIs.


{{< button_left href="https://www.postman.com/tyk-technologies/workspace/379673ec-4cc5-4b8e-bef5-8a6a988071cb/overview" target="_blank" color="green" content="Tyk Postman Collections">}}

## [Tyk Gateway API]({{< ref "tyk-gateway-api" >}})

This API is very small, and has no granular permissions system. It is used purely for internal automation and integration. It offers the following endpoints:

* Managing session objects (key generation)
* Managing and listing API Definitions (only when not using the Dashboard)
* Hot reloads / reloading a cluster configuration
* OAuth client creation (only when not using the Dashboard)

This allows you to test, connect to and control your Gateway.

## [Tyk Dashboard API]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard-api" >}})

The Tyk Dashboard API allows much more fine-grained, secure and multi-user access to your Tyk cluster, and should be used to manage a database-backed Tyk node. The Tyk Dashboard API works seamlessly with the Tyk Dashboard.


## [Tyk Dashboard Admin API]({{< ref "dashboard-admin-api" >}})

The Dashboard Admin API is a special bootstrapping API that can be used to set up and provision a Tyk Dashboard instance without the command line and is used by the bootstrap scripts that come with a Tyk On-Premises installation. There is no public Postman collection for this API.

## [Tyk Portal API]({{< ref "tyk-portal-api" >}})

The Tyk Portal API covers all available endpoints for your developer portal.

Commit message:

Fix duplicated pages of OAS of tyk gateway and dashboard (#2243)
* Update tyk-gateway-api.md

* Delete tyk-gateway-oas-api.md

Delete the duplicated file

* Update tyk-gateway-api.md

Added tags

* Delete tyk-oas.md

not needed

* Delete tyk-dashboard-oas-api.md

Deleting this file (url: https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-dashboard-oas-api/) since we have the same here https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-docs/blob/letzya-dup-pag-tyk-api/tyk-docs/content/tyk-dashboard-api.md (URL: https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-dashboard-api/)

* Update tyk-dashboard-api.md

Add alias for deleted page

* Update using-oas-definitions.md

Update the links to the gw and dashboard apis to URL (was MD but we deleted these)

* Update tyk-apis.md

Add an alias to a deleted page `tyk-apis.md`

* Update tyk-apis.md

wrong url

* Update tyk-dashboard-api.md

Remove alias `/tyk-rest-api/` since it is also an alias for `tyk-docs/content/tyk-gateway-api.md`

(cherry picked from commit ac13038a0d3a5faaf543985e3fc273676e247cfe)

tyk-docs/content/tyk-apis.md, after:

---
title: Tyk APIs
description: Tyk APIs. In this section you will find Tyk API Gateway and Tyk Manager OpenAPI Specs APIs
tags: ["swagger", "REST", "Tyk APIs", "Tyk OpenAPI Specs APIs" ]
weight: 190
menu: none
aliases:
  - tyk-oas/
---

We have our own APIs and a Postman public workspace.

## Tyk Postman Collections

We have a Postman public workspace where you can view, fork and test our Gateway and Dashboard APIs.


{{< button_left href="https://www.postman.com/tyk-technologies/workspace/379673ec-4cc5-4b8e-bef5-8a6a988071cb/overview" target="_blank" color="green" content="Tyk Postman Collections">}}

## [Tyk Gateway API]({{< ref "tyk-gateway-api" >}})

This API is very small, and has no granular permissions system. It is used purely for internal automation and integration. It offers the following endpoints:

* Managing session objects (key generation)
* Managing and listing API Definitions (only when not using the Dashboard)
* Hot reloads / reloading a cluster configuration
* OAuth client creation (only when not using the Dashboard)

This allows you to test, connect to and control your Gateway.

## [Tyk Dashboard API]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard-api" >}})

The Tyk Dashboard API allows much more fine-grained, secure and multi-user access to your Tyk cluster, and should be used to manage a database-backed Tyk node. The Tyk Dashboard API works seamlessly with the Tyk Dashboard.


## [Tyk Dashboard Admin API]({{< ref "dashboard-admin-api" >}})

The Dashboard Admin API is a special bootstrapping API that can be used to set up and provision a Tyk Dashboard instance without the command line and is used by the bootstrap scripts that come with a Tyk On-Premises installation. There is no public Postman collection for this API.

## [Tyk Portal API]({{< ref "tyk-portal-api" >}})

The Tyk Portal API covers all available endpoints for your developer portal.
