tyk-docs/content/tyk-stack/universal-data-graph/concepts/arguments.md, before:

---
title: "Concepts - Arguments"
date: 2020-06-03
menu:
  main:
    parent: "UDG Concepts"
weight: 0
url: /universal-data-graph/concepts/arguments/
aliases:
    - /universal-data-graph/data-sources/graphql
---

Looking back at the example from the "Field Mappings" you might be asking yourself how to use the "id" argument from the GraphQL query to make the correct REST API call to the user service.

Here's the schema again:

```graphql
type Query {
    user(id: Int!): User
}

type User {
    id: Int!
    name: String
}
```

We assume you already have your DataSource attached and now want to configure it so that the path argument gets propagated accordingly.
We need to tell the GraphQL engine that when it comes to resolving the field "user", take the argument with the name "id" and use it in the URL to make the request to the REST API.
We can do this by using templating syntax to inject it into the URL which can be easily done by adding an argument from datamodal tab and selecting the arguments from the given list.

```html
https://example.com/user/{{ .arguments.id }}
``` 

![Create New API](/docs/img/dashboard/udg/concepts/arguments.gif)

Commit message:

[TT-6888] Updated UDG Concepts documentation and screenshots to represent the new Data Sources UI.

tyk-docs/content/tyk-stack/universal-data-graph/concepts/arguments.md, after:

---
title: "Concepts - Arguments"
date: 2020-06-03
menu:
  main:
    parent: "UDG Concepts"
weight: 0
url: /universal-data-graph/concepts/arguments/
aliases:
    - /universal-data-graph/data-sources/graphql
---

Looking back at the example from the "Field Mappings", you might be asking yourself how to use the "id" argument from the GraphQL query to make the correct REST API call to the user service.

Here's the schema again:

```graphql
type Query {
    user(id: Int!): User
}

type User {
    id: Int!
    name: String
}
```

We assume you already have your DataSource attached and now want to configure it so that the path argument gets propagated accordingly.
We need to tell the GraphQL engine that when it comes to resolving the field "user", take the argument with the name "id" and use it in the URL to make the request to the REST API.
We can do this by using templating syntax to inject it into the URL.
This can be easily achieved from the "Configure data source" tab, which will show after clicking a schema argument or object field.
Typing an opening curly brace ( { ) will produce a dropdown that contains all available fields and arguments.

```html
https://www.my-data-source.com/example/{{ .arguments.id }}
``` 

![Create New API](/docs/img/dashboard/udg/concepts/parameter_dropdown.png)
