tyk-docs/content/planning-for-production/database-settings/mongodb.md, before:

---
title: "MongoDB"
date: 2022-09-08
tags: ["MongoDB"]
description: ""
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Database Settings"
weight: 2
---

### Supported Versions

- MongoDB 3.x to 4.4.x

### Split out your DB

This is a no-brainer, but keep Redis and MongoDB off the system running the Gateway, they both use lots of RAM, and with Redis and the Gateway constantly communicating you will be facing resource contention on the CPU for a marginal decrease in latency.

So in our setup, we recommend that Redis and MongoDB/PostgreSQL live on their own systems, separate from your Tyk Gateway. If you like, run them together on the same box, that's up to you.

The network topology we like to use is:

*   Two or more Tyk Gateway nodes (load balanced, each Gateway installed on separate machines).
*   A separate MongoDB or PostgreSQL cluster
*   A separate Redis server with fail-over or cluster
*   One Tyk Dashboard node installed on a separate machine
*   One Tyk Pump node installed on a separate machine that handles data transitions

Commit message:

Update Redis & Database support info (#2502)
* Update Redis & Database support info

(cherry picked from commit 031d1d91ad4161644207d7e14aba3a1c377f4278)

tyk-docs/content/planning-for-production/database-settings/mongodb.md, after:

---
title: "MongoDB"
date: 2022-09-08
tags: ["MongoDB", "Production", "Database"]
description: ""
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Database Settings"
weight: 2
---

### Supported Versions

Please check [here]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/database-options.md#mongodb-support-versions" >}}) for the supported MongoDB versions.

### Split out your DB

This is a no-brainer, but keep Redis and MongoDB off the system running the Gateway, they both use lots of RAM, and with Redis and the Gateway constantly communicating you will be facing resource contention on the CPU for a marginal decrease in latency.

So in our setup, we recommend that Redis and MongoDB/PostgreSQL live on their own systems, separate from your Tyk Gateway. If you like, run them together on the same box, that's up to you.

The network topology we like to use is:

*   Two or more Tyk Gateway nodes (load balanced, each Gateway installed on separate machines).
*   A separate MongoDB or PostgreSQL cluster
*   A separate Redis server with fail-over or cluster
*   One Tyk Dashboard node installed on a separate machine
*   One Tyk Pump node installed on a separate machine that handles data transitions

### Special notes for DocumentDB
{{< note success >}} 
**Note** 

If you are using [DocumentDB](https://aws.amazon.com/documentdb/), [capped collections]({{< ref "tyk-stack/tyk-manager/analytics/capping-analytics-data-storage" >}}) are not supported. See [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/mongo-apis.html) for more details. 
{{< /note >}} 

### Special notes for MongoDB Atlas
In order to integrate with [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/database), make sure the IP firewall connections are whitelisted on the Atlas side, and then use the following Tyk Dashboard configurations to connect: 
``` 
- TYK_DB_MONGOURL=mongodb://admin:password@tykdb-shard-00-00.h42pp.mongodb.net:27017,tykdb-shard-00-01.h42pp.mongodb.net:27017,tykdb-shard-00-02.h42pp.mongodb.net:27017/tyk_analytics?authSource=admin - TYK_DB_ENABLECLUSTER=false - TYK_DB_MONGOUSESSL=true 
``` 

More information on these configuration variables [here]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/configuration" >}}).
