---
title: "Tyk Analytics Record Fields"
date: 2023-01-13
tags: ["Tyk Analytics", "Tyk Analytics Record", "Tyk Analytics Record Fields"]
description: "Field descriptions and examples for Tyk Analytics Record"
menu:
  main:
    parent: Tyk Pump
aliases:
  - /analytics-and-reporting/tyk-analytics-fields
---
Below is a detailed list of each field contained within our Tyk Analytics Record that is sent from Tyk Pump.

### Method
Request method.

<b>Example:</b> `GET`, `POST`. <br/>

### Host
Request `Host` header.

<b>Remarks:</b> Includes host and optional port number of the server to which the request was sent. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `tyk.io`, or `tyk.io:8080` if port is included. <br/>

### Path
Request path.

<b>Remarks:</b> Displayed in decoded form. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `/foo/bar` for `/foo%2Fbar` or `/foo/bar`. <br/>

### RawPath
Request path.

<b>Remarks:</b> Same value as `Path`. Does not provide the raw encoded path. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `/foo/bar` for `/foo%2Fbar` or `/foo/bar`. <br/>

### ContentLength
Request `Content-Length` header.

<b>Remarks:</b> The number of bytes in the request body. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `10` for request body `0123456789`. <br/>

### UserAgent
Request `User-Agent` header.

<b>Example:</b> `curl/7.86.0`. <br/>

### Day
Request day.

<b>Remarks:</b> Based on `TimeStamp` field. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `16` for `2022-11-16T03:01:54Z`. <br/>

### Month
Request month.

<b>Remarks:</b> Based on `TimeStamp` field. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `11` for `2022-11-16T03:01:54Z`. <br/>

### Year
Request year.

<b>Remarks:</b> Based on `TimeStamp` field. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `2022` for `2022-11-16T03:01:54Z`. <br/>

### Hour
Request hour.

<b>Remarks:</b> Based on `TimeStamp` field. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `3` for `2022-11-16T03:01:54Z`. <br/>

### ResponseCode
Response code.

<b>Remarks:</b> Only contains the integer element of the response code. Can be generated by either the gateway or upstream server, depending on how the request is handled. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `200` for `200 OK`. <br/>

### APIKey
Request authentication key.

<b>Remarks:</b> OAuthentication key, as provided in request. If no API key is provided then gateway will substitute a default value. <br />
<b>Example:</b> Unhashed `auth_key`, hashed `6129dc1e8b64c6b4`, or `00000000` if no authentication provided. <br/>

### TimeStamp
Request timestamp.

<b>Remarks:</b> Generated by the gateway, based on the time it receives the request from the client. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `2022-11-16T03:01:54.648+00:00`. <br/>

### APIVersion
Version of API Definition requested.

<b>Remarks:</b> Based on version configuration of context API definition. If API is unversioned then value is "Not Versioned". <br />
<b>Example:</b> Could be an alphanumeric value such as `1` or `b`. Is `Not Versioned` if not versioned. <br/>

### APIName
Name of API Definition requested.

<b>Example:</b> `Foo API`. <br/>

### APIID
Id of API Definition requested.

<b>Example:</b> `727dad853a8a45f64ab981154d1ffdad`. <br/>

### OrgID
Organisation Id of API Definition requested.

<b>Example:</b> `5e9d9544a1dcd60001d0ed20`. <br/>

### OauthID
Id of OAuth client.

<b>Remarks:</b> Value is empty string if not using OAuth, or OAuth client not present. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `my-oauth-client-id`. <br/>

### RequestTime
Duration of upstream roundtrip.

<b>Remarks:</b> Equal to value of `Latency.Total` field. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `3` for a 3ms roundtrip. <br/>

### RawRequest
Raw HTTP request.

<b>Remarks:</b> Base64 encoded copy of the request sent from the gateway to the upstream server. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `R0VUIC9nZXQgSFRUUC8xLjEKSG9zdDogdHlrLmlv`. <br/>

### RawResponse
Raw HTTP response.

<b>Remarks:</b> Base64 encoded copy of the response sent from the gateway to the client. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `SFRUUC8xLjEgMjAwIE9LCkNvbnRlbnQtTGVuZ3RoOiAxOQpEYXRlOiBXZWQsIDE2IE5vdiAyMDIyIDA2OjIxOjE2IEdNVApTZXJ2ZXI6IGd1bmljb3JuLzE5LjkuMAoKewogICJmb28iOiAiYmFyIgp9Cg==`. <br/>

### IPAddress
Client IP address.

<b>Remarks:</b> Taken from either `X-Real-IP` or `X-Forwarded-For` request headers, if set. Otherwise, determined by gateway based on request. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `172.18.0.1`. <br/>

### Geo
Client geolocation data.

<b>Remarks:</b> Calculated using MaxMind database, based on client IP address. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `{"country":{"isocode":"SG"},"city":{"geonameid":0,"names":{}},"location":{"latitude":0,"longitude":0,"timezone":""}}`. <br/>

### Network
Network statistics.

<b>Remarks:</b> Not currently used. <br />

### Latency
Latency statistics

<b>Remarks:</b> Contains two fields; `upstream` is the roundtrip duration between the gateway sending the request to the upstream server and it receiving a response. `total` is the `upstream` value plus additional gateway-side functionality such as processing analytics data. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `{"total":3,"upstream":3}`. <br/>

{{< note info >}}
**Note**

We record the round trip time of the call from the gateways reverse proxy. So what you get is the sum of `leaving Tyk -> upstream -> response received back at Tyk`.
{{< /note >}}

### Tags
Session context tags.

<b>Remarks:</b> Can contain many tags which refer to many things, such as the gateway, API key, organisation, API definition etc. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `["key-00000000","org-5e9d9544a1dcd60001d0ed20","api-accbdd1b89e84ec97f4f16d4e3197d5c"]`. <br/>

### Alias
Session alias.

<b>Remarks:</b> Alias of the context authenticated identity. Blank if no alias set or request is unauthenticated. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `my-key-alias`. <br/>

### TrackPath
Tracked endpoint flag.

<b>Remarks:</b> Value is `true` if the requested endpoint is configured to be tracked, otherwise `false`. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `true` or `false`. <br/>

### ExpireAt
Future expiry date.

<b>Remarks:</b> Can be used to implement automated data expiry, if supported by storage. <br />
<b>Example:</b> `2022-11-23T07:26:25.762+00:00`. <br/>