tyk-docs/content/tyk-cloud/account-billing/plans.md, before:

---
title: "Our Plans"
date: 2020-05-23
tags: ["Tyk Cloud", "Account", "Plans"]
description: "The various plans available with Tyk Cloud"
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Account and Billing"
weight: 1
aliases:
  - /tyk-cloud/account-and-billing/our-plans/
---

## Introduction

Our plans cover every use case scenario, from a free trial, to a global enterprise ready plan. You can also purchase addons to increase your functionality. For details on our available plans and pricing go to [Tyk Cloud Pricing](https://tyk.io/price-comparison/).

Here's an overview of all of the available plans:

| **Plan**          | **Who's it for?**                                                                   | **About**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 5-week free trial | This is for POC’s and those testing the Tyk platform.                               | Tyk Cloud has 5-week free trial so that you would have enough time to work your way through all the features. With this, you get **5-week access** to the full Tyk Stack. For the 5-week trial plan, the quotas are the same as for our Enterprise Global plan. You can always request a longer trial period or talk to support if you need help. |
| Launch            | For single teams with low traffic, mostly small businesses                          | This plan includes all of the features of the Tyk Stack. You can have **[custom domains]({{< ref "tyk-cloud/using-custom-domains" >}})** and **[plugins]({{< ref "tyk-cloud/using-plugins" >}})** along with standard support                                                                                                                     |
| Grow              | For single teams with high traffic                                                  | This plan includes all of the features of the Tyk Stack. In this plan, you have **[Hybrid Gateways]({{< ref "tyk-cloud/environments-deployments/hybrid-gateways" >}})** as an add on. Standard support is provided                                                                                                                                |
| Scale             | For Global Organisations with multiple teams                                        | This plan includes all of the features of the Tyk Stack. **Silver support** will be provided                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Enterprise        | For large, Global Organisations whose needs do not fit into one of our other plans. | This plan includes unlimited usage of all features in the Tyk Stack. You can also have a **customised number of teams and users**.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

{{< button_left href="https://tyk.io/sign-up/#cloud" color="green" content="Get started with Cloud free trial" >}}

### Available add ons

You can purchase the following addons, depending on your plan.

- Additional Control Planes
- Additional Cloud Data Planes
- Additional Users
- Additional Teams
- Additional Gateway Region (Enterprise Plans only)
- SLA support (varies according to your plan)

### Boostable Overages

Your selected plan comes with limited throughput per month. Overages allow your consumption to go over the monthly limit, which can be an easy way to deal with for example seasonal or unexpected spikes in traffic. The overage level will be automatically charged based on your throughput on a monthly basis.

| Launch          | Entitlement $1,800 | Overage 1 $2,700 | Overage 2 $3,240 | Overage 3 $3,780 | Overage 4 $4,320 |
| --------------- | :----------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: |
| Calls (at 10kb) |        15m         |      18.75m      |      22.5m       |      26.5m       |       30m        |
| Throughput      |       150GB        |     187.5GB      |      225GB       |     262.5GB      |      300GB       |

| Grow            | Entitlement $3,800 | Overage 1 $5,700 | Overage 2 $6,840 | Overage 3 $7,980 | Overage 4 $9,120 |
| --------------- | :----------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: |
| Calls (at 10kb) |        100m        |       125m       |       150m       |       175m       |       200m       |
| Throughput      |        1TB         |      1.25TB      |      1.5TB       |      1.75TB      |       2TB        |

| Scale           | Entitlement $6,800 | Overage 1 $10,200 | Overage 2 $12,240 | Overage 3 $14,280 | Overage 4 $16,320 |
| --------------- | :----------------: | :---------------: | :---------------: | :---------------: | :---------------: |
| Calls (at 10kb) |         1b         |       1.25b       |       1.5b        |       1.75b       |        2tb        |
| Throughput      |        10TB        |      12.5TB       |       15TB        |      17.5TB       |       20TB        |

### Changing plans

You can upgrade or downgrade your current plan at any point in your billing cycle and your payment will be pro-rata'd to reflect the new payment.

### Downgrading plan requirements

If you downgrade your plan, the new plan may have less entitlements than your current plan. You will need to restructure your organisation to comply with the new plan entitlements before the downgraded billing starts.

### Checking the Tyk Cloud status

If you want to check if there are issues with the environments and any upcoming down times, you can go to the [Tyk Status](https://status.tyk.io/) page.

Commit message:

[DX-636] Update Tyk-Cloud Account-Billing Plans and Mappings To SLA (#3151)
* update cloud billing plan to include reference to enhaced(silver) support

---------

Co-authored-by: Simon Pears <simon@tyk.io>

(cherry picked from commit 1f10697be8122d5e056b1f83c36afca856074cad)

tyk-docs/content/tyk-cloud/account-billing/plans.md, after:

---
title: "Our Plans"
date: 2020-05-23
tags: ["Tyk Cloud", "Account", "Plans"]
description: "The various plans available with Tyk Cloud"
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Account and Billing"
weight: 1
aliases:
  - /tyk-cloud/account-and-billing/our-plans/
---

## Introduction

Our plans cover every use case scenario, from a free trial, to a global enterprise ready plan. You can also purchase addons to increase your functionality. For details on our available plans and pricing go to [Tyk Cloud Pricing](https://tyk.io/price-comparison/).

Here's an overview of all of the available plans:

| **Plan**          | **Who's it for?**                                                                   | **About**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 5-week free trial <p>[Free Support SLA]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/sla-policies" >}})</p> | This is for POC’s and those testing the Tyk platform. | Tyk Cloud has 5-week free trial with full access to the Tyk stack. You can always request a longer trial period or talk to support if you need help. |
| Starter <p>[Standard Support SLA]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/sla-policies" >}})</p> | For single teams with low traffic, mostly small businesses that manage few APIs. | This plan includes all of the features of the Tyk Stack. You can have **[custom domains]({{< ref "tyk-cloud/using-custom-domains" >}})** and **[plugins]({{< ref "tyk-cloud/using-plugins" >}})**, along with management of upto 5 APIs. Standard support is provided.|
| Launch <p>[Standard Support SLA]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/sla-policies" >}})</p> | For single teams with low traffic, mostly small businesses. | This plan includes all of the features of the Tyk Stack. You can have **[custom domains]({{< ref "tyk-cloud/using-custom-domains" >}})** and **[plugins]({{< ref "tyk-cloud/using-plugins" >}})** along with management of unlimited APIs. Standard support is provided. |
| Grow <p>[Standard Support SLA]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/sla-policies" >}})</p> | For single teams with high traffic. | This plan includes all of the features of the Tyk Stack. In this plan, you have **[Hybrid Gateways]({{< ref "tyk-cloud/environments-deployments/hybrid-gateways" >}})** as an add on, along with standard support. |
| Scale <p>[Enhanced Support SLA]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/sla-policies" >}})</p> | For global organisations with multiple teams, requiring gateway deployments in multiple locations. | This plan includes all of the features of the Tyk Stack. **Enhanced(silver) support** will be provided. |


{{< button_left href="https://tyk.io/sign-up/#cloud" color="green" content="Get started with Cloud free trial" >}}

### Available add ons

You can purchase the following addons, depending on your plan.

- Additional Control Planes
- Additional Cloud Data Planes
- Additional Users
- Additional Teams
- Additional Gateway Region (Enterprise Plans only)
- SLA support (varies according to your plan)

### Boostable Overages

Your selected plan comes with limited throughput per month. Overages allow your consumption to go over the monthly limit, which can be an easy way to deal with for example seasonal or unexpected spikes in traffic. The overage level will be automatically charged based on your throughput on a monthly basis.

| Launch          | Entitlement $1,800 | Overage 1 $2,700 | Overage 2 $3,240 | Overage 3 $3,780 | Overage 4 $4,320 |
| --------------- | :----------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: |
| Calls (at 10kb) |        15m         |      18.75m      |      22.5m       |      26.5m       |       30m        |
| Throughput      |       150GB        |     187.5GB      |      225GB       |     262.5GB      |      300GB       |

| Grow            | Entitlement $3,800 | Overage 1 $5,700 | Overage 2 $6,840 | Overage 3 $7,980 | Overage 4 $9,120 |
| --------------- | :----------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: |
| Calls (at 10kb) |        100m        |       125m       |       150m       |       175m       |       200m       |
| Throughput      |        1TB         |      1.25TB      |      1.5TB       |      1.75TB      |       2TB        |

| Scale           | Entitlement $6,800 | Overage 1 $10,200 | Overage 2 $12,240 | Overage 3 $14,280 | Overage 4 $16,320 |
| --------------- | :----------------: | :---------------: | :---------------: | :---------------: | :---------------: |
| Calls (at 10kb) |         1b         |       1.25b       |       1.5b        |       1.75b       |        2tb        |
| Throughput      |        10TB        |      12.5TB       |       15TB        |      17.5TB       |       20TB        |

### Changing plans

You can upgrade or downgrade your current plan at any point in your billing cycle and your payment will be pro-rata'd to reflect the new payment.

### Downgrading plan requirements

If you downgrade your plan, the new plan may have less entitlements than your current plan. You will need to restructure your organisation to comply with the new plan entitlements before the downgraded billing starts.

### Checking the Tyk Cloud status

If you want to check if there are issues with the environments and any upcoming down times, you can go to the [Tyk Status](https://status.tyk.io/) page.
