tyk-docs/content/frequently-asked-questions/sla-policies.md, before:

---
title: "Support SLA Policies"
date: 2023-08-14
tags: ["SLA", "Policies"]
description: "This page outlines our Tyk Support SLA Policies"
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Frequently Asked Questions"
weight: 0
---

The following table outlines our current Tyk Support SLA Policies

| Included Capabilities            | Free         | Standard                                             | Enhanced | Premier    | Signature |
| -------------------------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ---------- | --------- |
| Type                             | Best Efforts | Best Efforts                                         | SLA      | SLA        | SLA       |
| Support Hours                    | \-           | \-                                                   | 9x5 1TZ  | 24x7x365   | 24x7x365  |
| Number of Named Users            | 0            | 1                                                    | 3        | 5          | 10        |
| Response Time - Severity 1       | \-           | 48 hours                                             | 4 hours  | 2 hours    | 1 hour    |
| Response Time - Severity 2       | \-           | 96 hours                                             | 12 hours | 8 hours    | 4 hours   |
| Response Time - Severity 3       | \-           | 14 days                                              | 24 hours | 24 hours   | 8 hours   |
| Issue Prioritisation             | Low          | Low                                                  | Medium   | High       | Highest   |
| Custom Solution Architect        | \-           | \-                                                   | \-       | Pooled     | Named     |
| Community Forum                  | Included     | Included                                             | Included | Included   | Included  |
| Support Portal                   | \-           | Included                                             | Included | Included   | Included  |
| Screen Shares                    | \-           | \-                                                   | \-       | 6 per year | Unlimited |
| Phone Line for Severity 1 issues | \-           | \-                                                   | \-       | \-         | Included  |
| Release Notifications            | \-           | \-                                                   | Included | Included   | Included  |
| Playbooks                        | \-           | \-                                                   | \-       | Included   | Included  |

Commit message:

[DX-636] Update Tyk-Cloud Account-Billing Plans and Mappings To SLA (#3151)
* update cloud billing plan to include reference to enhaced(silver) support

---------

Co-authored-by: Simon Pears <simon@tyk.io>

(cherry picked from commit 1f10697be8122d5e056b1f83c36afca856074cad)

tyk-docs/content/frequently-asked-questions/sla-policies.md, after:

---
title: "Support SLA Policies"
date: 2023-08-14
tags: ["SLA", "Policies"]
description: "This page outlines our Tyk Support SLA Policies"
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Frequently Asked Questions"
weight: 0
---

The following table outlines our current Tyk Support SLA Policies

<<<<<<< HEAD
| Included Capabilities            | Free         | Standard                                             | Enhanced | Premier    | Signature |
=======
{{% scrollable-width %}}
| Included Capabilities            | Free         | Standard                                             | Enhanced (Silver) | Premier    | Signature (Gold) |
>>>>>>> 1f10697b... [DX-636] Update Tyk-Cloud Account-Billing Plans and Mappings To SLA (#3151)
| -------------------------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ---------- | --------- |
| Type                             | Best Efforts | Best Efforts                                         | SLA      | SLA        | SLA       |
| Support Hours                    | \-           | \-                                                   | 9x5 1TZ  | 24x7x365   | 24x7x365  |
| Number of Named Users            | 0            | 1                                                    | 3        | 5          | 10        |
| Response Time - Severity 1       | \-           | 48 hours                                             | 4 hours  | 2 hours    | 1 hour    |
| Response Time - Severity 2       | \-           | 96 hours                                             | 12 hours | 8 hours    | 4 hours   |
| Response Time - Severity 3       | \-           | 14 days                                              | 24 hours | 24 hours   | 8 hours   |
| Issue Prioritisation             | Low          | Low                                                  | Medium   | High       | Highest   |
| Custom Solution Architect        | \-           | \-                                                   | \-       | Pooled     | Named     |
| Community Forum                  | Included     | Included                                             | Included | Included   | Included  |
| Support Portal                   | \-           | Included                                             | Included | Included   | Included  |
| Screen Shares                    | \-           | \-                                                   | \-       | 6 per year | Unlimited |
| Phone Line for Severity 1 issues | \-           | \-                                                   | \-       | \-         | Included  |
| Release Notifications            | \-           | \-                                                   | Included | Included   | Included  |
| Playbooks                        | \-           | \-                                                   | \-       | Included   | Included  |
