tyk-docs/content/advanced-configuration/error-templates.md, before:

---
date: 2017-03-24T13:01:00Z
title: Error Templates
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Advanced Configuration"
weight: 8
---

In v2.2 the error handler allowed the use a single JSON template to communicate errors to users (a default one is shipped with Tyk, it's located in `templates/error.json`).

As of v2.3 it is possible to use different templates for specific `HTTP error codes`. The `content-type` header of the request is also checked, enabling the usage of different template formats, e.g. an XML template.

## Use Cases

### JSON Request

When a HTTP 500 error occurs, and the request is a JSON request, Tyk will follow this logic:

*   If `templates/error_500.json` exists, this template will be used.
*   Otherwise, Tyk will use `templates/error.json`.

### XML Request

When a HTTP 500 error occurs, and the request is a XML request, Tyk will follow this logic:

*   If `templates/error_500.xml` exists, this template will be used.
*   If no specific template exists for this HTTP code, `templates/error.xml` will be used.
*   If `error.xml` doesn't exist, `templates/error.json` will be used.

### Removing the X-Generator Header

In case of an error, the Tyk Gateway adds the following fixed header and value: `X-Generator: tyk.io`
Please note that for `404 Not found` errors, Tyk will not return this header from a security perspective. To mitigate this issue, in case you want to better understand your clients and provide you, the manager of the platform, with error information, you can set `track_404_logs` to `true` in your `tyk.conf` which will then produce error logs showing the resources that were requested and not found.

If you don't want to return our default X-Generator header (set to tyk.io) in your templates, set `hide_generator_header` to `true` in your `tyk.conf` file

Commit message:

Update error-templates.md (#2546)
* Update error-templates.md

Added note that it's not possible to use a template for HTTP 404

* Update tyk-docs/content/advanced-configuration/error-templates.md

Co-authored-by: dcs3spp <dcs3spp@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: dcs3spp <dcs3spp@users.noreply.github.com>
(cherry picked from commit bdb18f940281db40567cddf03d953d6cdef67609)

tyk-docs/content/advanced-configuration/error-templates.md, after:

---
date: 2017-03-24T13:01:00Z
title: Error Templates
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Advanced Configuration"
weight: 8
---

In v2.2 the error handler allowed the use a single JSON template to communicate errors to users (a default one is shipped with Tyk, it's located in `templates/error.json`).

As of v2.3 it is possible to use different templates for specific `HTTP error codes`. The `content-type` header of the request is also checked, enabling the usage of different template formats, e.g. an XML template.

Please note that it is not possible to override the default message for HTTP 404 errors. These errors indicate that the requested resource could not be found (e.g. the requested URL does not exist).

## Use Cases

### JSON Request

When a HTTP 500 error occurs, and the request is a JSON request, Tyk will follow this logic:

*   If `templates/error_500.json` exists, this template will be used.
*   Otherwise, Tyk will use `templates/error.json`.

### XML Request

When a HTTP 500 error occurs, and the request is a XML request, Tyk will follow this logic:

*   If `templates/error_500.xml` exists, this template will be used.
*   If no specific template exists for this HTTP code, `templates/error.xml` will be used.
*   If `error.xml` doesn't exist, `templates/error.json` will be used.

### Removing the X-Generator Header

In case of an error, the Tyk Gateway adds the following fixed header and value: `X-Generator: tyk.io`
Please note that for `404 Not found` errors, Tyk will not return this header from a security perspective. To mitigate this issue, in case you want to better understand your clients and provide you, the manager of the platform, with error information, you can set `track_404_logs` to `true` in your `tyk.conf` which will then produce error logs showing the resources that were requested and not found.

If you don't want to return our default X-Generator header (set to tyk.io) in your templates, set `hide_generator_header` to `true` in your `tyk.conf` file
