tyk-docs/content/universal-data-graph/udg-examples.md, before:

---
title: "UDG Examples"
date: 2023-03-27
menu:
    main:
        parent: "Universal Data Graph"
weight: 12
aliases:
- /universal-data-graph/examples/
---

It is possible to import various UDG examples from the [official Tyk examples repository](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-examples).

There are currently 2 ways of importing an example into Tyk:
 - Using [tyk-sync]({{< ref "tyk-sync" >}})
 - Manually import via [Dashboard API Import]({{< ref "getting-started/import-apis" >}})

# Import via tyk-sync
Please follow the [tyk-sync documentation]({{< ref "tyk-sync#example-import-tyk-example-into-dashboard" >}}) to learn more about this approach.

# Import via Dashboard API Import
Navigate to an example inside the [examples repository](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-examples) and grab the relevant API definition from there.
Then you can move in the Dashboard UI to `APIs -> Import API` and select `Tyk API` as source format.

Paste the API definition inside the text box and hit `Import API`.

You can find more detailed instructions in the [Dashboard API Import documentation section]({{< ref "getting-started/import-apis" >}}).

Commit message:

AAI 5.1 docs (#2716)
Update AAI 5.1 docs with OAS to UDG explanation
---------

Co-authored-by: dcs3spp <dcs3spp@users.noreply.github.com>

(cherry picked from commit b0072fef469b7f3c97762e3277be7459a20a673c)

tyk-docs/content/universal-data-graph/udg-examples.md, after:

---
title: "UDG Examples"
date: 2023-03-27
menu:
    main:
        parent: "Universal Data Graph"
weight: 12
aliases:
- /universal-data-graph/examples/
---

It is possible to import various UDG examples from the [official Tyk examples repository](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-examples).

We offer 3 ways of importing an example into Tyk:
 - Using [tyk-sync]({{< ref "tyk-sync" >}})
 - Manually import via [Dashboard API Import]({{< ref "getting-started/import-apis" >}})
- Using Tyk Dashboard to browse and import the examples directly

# Import via tyk-sync

Please follow the [tyk-sync documentation]({{< ref "tyk-sync#example-import-tyk-example-into-dashboard" >}}) to learn more about this approach.

# Import via Tyk Dashboard API Import

Navigate to an example inside the [examples repository](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-examples) and grab the relevant API definition from there.
Then you can move in the Dashboard UI to `APIs -> Import API` and select `Tyk API` as source format.

Paste the API definition inside the text box and hit `Import API`.

You can find more detailed instructions in the [Dashboard API Import documentation section]({{< ref "getting-started/import-apis" >}}).

# Import via Tyk Dashboard UI

Navigate to `Data Graphs` section of the Tyk Dashboard menu. If you haven't yet created any Universal Data Graphs you will see three options in the screen - one of them `Try example data graph` - will allow you to browse all examples compatible with your Dashboard version and choose the one you want to import.

{{< img src="/img/dashboard/udg/getting-started/example data graph.png" alt="Examples in Dashboard" >}}

In case you have created data graphs before and your screen looks different, just use the `Add Data Graph` button and in the next step decide if you want to create one yourself, or use one of the available examples.

{{< img src="/img/dashboard/udg/getting-started/data graph example new graph menu.png" alt="Examples in Dashboard New Graph">}}
