tyk-docs/content/troubleshooting/tyk-gateway/support-information.md, before:

---
title: Support Information
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Tyk Gateway Troubleshooting"
weight: 8
---

When contacting support, you may be asked to supply extra information and supply log files, etc, so we can quickly handle your request. Questions may include:

* "Can you send us your log files"
* "Can you change the logging detail level"
* "What version of Tyk are you on"
* "What profiling information can I get"


This page will let you know how to get the above info to us.

## Log Files

### Where do I find my log files?

The Gateway will log its output to `stderr` and `stdout`. In a typical installation, these will be handled or redirected by the service manager running the process, and depending on the Linux distribution, will either be output to `/var/log/` or `/var/log/upstart`.

Tyk will try to output structured logs, and so will include context data around request errors where possible.

### How do I increase Logging Verbosity?

You can set the logging verbosity in two ways:

 1. Via an Environment Variable to affect all Tyk components
 2. Just for the Gateway via your `tyk.conf` config file  

### Setting via Environment Variable

The environment variable is `TYK_LOGLEVEL`.

By default, the setting is `info`. You also have the following options:

* `debug`
* `warn`
* `error`

You will be advised by support which setting to change the logging level to.

#### For the Gateway

You can set the logging level in your `tyk.conf` by adding the following:

```{.copyWrapper}
  "log_level": "info",
```

By default, the setting is `info`. You also have the following options:

* `debug`
* `warn`
* `error`

You will be advised by support which setting to change the logging level to.

## Tyk Version

To check which version of the Tyk Gateway you have installed, run `tyk --version` from your Gateway installation directory (by default `/opt/tyk-gateway/`).

## Profile Information

You can provide various profile information for us in [pprof format](https://github.com/google/pprof/). See [Gateway Profiling]({{< ref "troubleshooting/tyk-gateway/profiling" >}}) for more details.

Commit message:

Update docs with new 'tyk version' information

tyk-docs/content/troubleshooting/tyk-gateway/support-information.md, after:

---
title: Support Information
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Tyk Gateway Troubleshooting"
weight: 8
---

When contacting support, you may be asked to supply extra information and supply log files, etc, so we can quickly handle your request. Questions may include:

* "Can you send us your log files"
* "Can you change the logging detail level"
* "What version of Tyk are you on"
* "What profiling information can I get"


This page will let you know how to get the above info to us.

## Log Files

### Where do I find my log files?

The Gateway will log its output to `stderr` and `stdout`. In a typical installation, these will be handled or redirected by the service manager running the process, and depending on the Linux distribution, will either be output to `/var/log/` or `/var/log/upstart`.

Tyk will try to output structured logs, and so will include context data around request errors where possible.

### How do I increase Logging Verbosity?

You can set the logging verbosity in two ways:

 1. Via an Environment Variable to affect all Tyk components
 2. Just for the Gateway via your `tyk.conf` config file  

### Setting via Environment Variable

The environment variable is `TYK_LOGLEVEL`.

By default, the setting is `info`. You also have the following options:

* `debug`
* `warn`
* `error`

You will be advised by support which setting to change the logging level to.

#### For the Gateway

You can set the logging level in your `tyk.conf` by adding the following:

```{.copyWrapper}
  "log_level": "info",
```

By default, the setting is `info`. You also have the following options:

* `debug`
* `warn`
* `error`

You will be advised by support which setting to change the logging level to.

## Tyk Version

For support requests it is beneficial to provide more information about
your gateway build. These pinpoint the exact gateway build that is in
use.

- If you're running a recent version, running `tyk version` prints out
detailed information about the gateway binary, including the go version
it was built with, the operating system and architecture.

- If you're running an an older version, `tyk --version` prints out the
release version for your gateway binary.

The binary is installed in `/opt/tyk-gateway/tyk` by default. If your
binary is not available in your `PATH` environment, invoke it from there.

## Profile Information

You can provide various profile information for us in [pprof format](https://github.com/google/pprof/). See [Gateway Profiling]({{< ref "troubleshooting/tyk-gateway/profiling" >}}) for more details.
