tyk-docs/content/tyk-self-managed/tyk-helm-chart-single-dc.md, before:

---
title: "Deploy Tyk Self Managed using new Helm Chart"
date: 2022-07-10
tags: ["Tyk Self Managed", "Single Data Center", "Kubernetes"]
description: "How to deploy Tyk Self Managed on Kubernetes using new Helm Chart"
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Tyk Helm Chart "
weight: 1
---

## New Tyk Helm Charts (Beta)

Tyk is working to provide a new set of helm charts, and will progressively roll them out at [tyk-charts](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-charts). It will provide component charts for all Tyk Components, as well as umbrella charts as reference configurations for open source and self-managed users.

{{< warning success >}}
**Warning**

The new Helm Charts are in beta stage. Breaking changes may be introduced before stable release.
{{< /warning >}}

To deploy Tyk Self Managed (for single data center) using the new helm chart, please use [tyk-single-dc](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-charts/tree/main/tyk-single-dc) chart.

## Tyk Self Managed (Single Data Center)

`tyk-single-dc` provides the default deployment of Tyk Self Managed on single data center. It will deploy all required Tyk components with the settings provided in the values.yaml file.

It includes:
- Tyk Gateway, an open source Enterprise API Gateway (supporting REST, GraphQL, TCP and gRPC protocols)
- Tyk Pump, an analytics purger that moves the data generated by your Tyk nodes to any back-end. Furthermore, it has all the required modifications to easily connect to Tyk Cloud or Multi Data Center (MDCB) control plane.
- Tyk Dashboard, a license based component that provides GUI management interface and analytics platform for Tyk

## Introduction

By default, this chart installs the following components as sub-charts on a [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh/) package manager.
| Component | Enabled by Default | Flag |
| --------- | ------------------ | ---- |
|Tyk Gateway |true  | n/a                    |
|Tyk Pump    |true | global.components.pump |
|Tyk Dashboard| true| global.components.dashboard | 

To enable or disable each component, change the corresponding enabled flag.

Also, you can set the version of each component through `image.tag`. You could find the list of version tags available from [Docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/tykio).

## Prerequisites

* [Kuberentes 1.19+](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/)
* [Helm 3+](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)
* [Redis](https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-oss/ce-helm-chart/#recommended-via-bitnami-chart) should already be installed or accessible by the gateway. 

## Installing The Chart

To install the chart from Helm repository in namespace `tyk` with the release name `tyk-single-dc`:
```bash
helm repo add tyk-helm https://helm.tyk.io/public/helm/charts/
helm repo update
helm show values tyk-helm/tyk-single-dc > values-single-dc.yaml --devel
```

*If you use the Bitnami chart for Redis installation, the DNS name of your Redis as set by Bitnami is `tyk-redis-master.tyk.svc.cluster.local:6379`. 

You can update them in your local `values-single-dc.yaml` file under `global.redis.addr` and `global.redis.pass`. 

Alternatively, you can use `--set` flag to set it in Tyk installation. For example `--set global.redis.pass=$REDIS_PASSWORD`

*All the values above are just examples, please input the values specific for your deployment.

Then just run:
```bash
helm install tyk-single-dc tyk-helm/tyk-single-dc -n tyk --create-namespace -f values-single-dc.yaml --devel
```

## Uninstalling The Chart

```bash
helm uninstall tyk-single-dc -n tyk
```
This removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Upgrading Chart

```bash
helm upgrade tyk-single-dc tyk-helm/tyk-single-dc -n tyk --devel
```

_Note: Upgrading from tyk-pro chart_

If you were using `tyk-pro` chart for existing release, you cannot upgrade directly. Please modify the values.yaml base on your requirements and install using the new `tyk-single-dc` chart.

## Configuration

To get all configurable options with detailed comments:

```bash
helm show values tyk-helm/tyk-single-dc > values-single-dc.yaml --devel
```

You can update any value in your local `values.yaml` file and use `-f [filename]` flag to override default values during installation. 
Alternatively, you can use `--set` flag to set it in Tyk installation. See [Using Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/using_helm/) for examples.

### Set Redis Connection Details (Required)

Tyk uses Redis for distributed rate-limiting and token storage. You may set `global.redis.addr` and `global.redis.pass` with redis connection 
string and password respectively.

If you do not already have Redis installed, you may use these charts provided by Bitnami

```bash
helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
helm install tyk-redis bitnami/redis -n tyk --create-namespace --set image.tag=6.2.13
```

Follow the notes from the installation output to get connection details and password. The DNS name of your Redis as set by Bitnami is 
`tyk-redis-master.tyk.svc.cluster.local:6379` (Tyk needs the name including the port) 

### Set Mongo or PostgresSQL Connection Details (Required)
If you have already installed Mongo/PostgresSQL, you can set the connection details in `global.mongo` and `global.postgres` section of values file respectively.

If not, you can use these rather excellent charts provided by Bitnami to install mongo/postgres:

**Mongo Installation**

```bash
helm install tyk-mongo bitnami/mongodb --version {HELM_CHART_VERSION} --set "replicaSet.enabled=true" -n tyk
```

**PostgresSQL Installation**
```bash
helm install tyk-postgres bitnami/postgresql --set "auth.database=tyk_analytics" -n tyk
```

Follow the notes from the installation output to get connection details.

>NOTE: Please make sure you are installing Mongo/Postgres versions that are supported by Tyk. Please refer to Tyk docs to get list of [supported versions]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/database-options" >}}).

### Gateway Configurations

Configure below inside `tyk-gateway` section.

#### Enabling TLS
We have provided an easy way of enabling TLS via the `global.tls.gateway` flag. Setting this value to true will
automatically enable TLS using the certificate provided under tyk-gateway/certs/cert.pem.

If you want to use your own key/cert pair, you must follow the following steps:
1. Create a TLS secret using your cert and key pair.
2. Set `global.tls.gateway` to true.
3. Set `gateway.tls.useDefaultTykCertificate` to false.
4. Set `gateway.tls.secretName` to the name of the newly created secret.

<!-- END import from gateway doc -->

### Pump Configurations

To enable Pump, set `global.components.pump` to true, and configure below inside `tyk-pump` section.

<!-- BEGIN import from pump doc -->

| Pump                      | Configuration                                                                                              |
|---------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| Prometheus Pump (Default) | Add `prometheus` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for prometheus under `pump.prometheusPump`. |
| Mongo Pump                | Add `mongo` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for mongo under `.mongo`.                        |
| SQL Pump                  | Add `postgres` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for postgres under `.postgres`.               |
| Uptime Pump               | Set `pump.uptimePumpBackend` to `'mongo'` or `'postgres'` or `''`                                          |
| Other Pumps               | Add the required environment variables in `pump.extraEnvs`                                                 |

#### Prometheus Pump
Add `prometheus` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for prometheus under `pump.prometheusPump`. 

We also support monitoring using Prometheus Operator. All you have to do is set `pump.prometheusPump.prometheusOperator.enabled` to true.
This will create a _PodMonitor_ resource for your Pump instance.

```yaml
    # prometheusPump configures Tyk Pump to expose Prometheus metrics.
    # Please add "prometheus" to .Values.pump.backend in order to enable Prometheus Pump.
    prometheusPump:
      # host represents the host without port, where Tyk Pump serve the metrics for Prometheus.
      host: ""
      # port represents the port where Tyk Pump serve the metrics for Prometheus.
      port: 9090
      # path represents the path to the Prometheus collection. For example /metrics.
      path: /metrics
      # customMetrics allows defining custom Prometheus metrics for Tyk Pump.
      # It accepts a string that represents a JSON object. For instance,
      #
      # customMetrics: '[{"name":"tyk_http_requests_total","description":"Total of API requests","metric_type":"counter","labels":["response_code","api_name","method","api_key","alias","path"]},          {              "name":"tyk_http_latency",              "description":"Latency of API requests",              "metric_type":"histogram",              "labels":["type","response_code","api_name","method","api_key","alias","path"]          }]'
      customMetrics: ""
      # If you are using prometheus Operator, set the fields in the section below.
      prometheusOperator:
        # enabled determines whether the Prometheus Operator is in use or not. By default,
        # it is disabled.
        # Tyk Pump can be monitored with PodMonitor Custom Resource of Prometheus Operator.
        # If enabled, PodMonitor resource is created based on .Values.pump.prometheusPump.prometheusOperator.podMonitorSelector
        # for Tyk Pump.
        enabled: false
        # podMonitorSelector represents a podMonitorSelector of your Prometheus resource. So that
        # your Prometheus resource can select PodMonitor objects based on selector defined here.
        # Please set this field to the podMonitorSelector field of your monitoring.coreos.com/v1
        # Prometheus resource's spec.
        #
        # You can check the podMonitorSelector via:
        #   kubectl describe prometheuses.monitoring.coreos.com <PROMETHEUS_POD>
        podMonitorSelector:
          release: prometheus-stack
```

#### Mongo pump
If you are using the MongoDB pumps in the tyk-oss installation you will require MongoDB installed for that as well.

To install Mongo you can use these rather excellent charts provided by Bitnami:

```bash
helm install tyk-mongo bitnami/mongodb --version {HELM_CHART_VERSION} --set "replicaSet.enabled=true" -n tyk
```

(follow notes from the installation output to get connection details and update them in `values.yaml` file)

NOTE: [Here is](https://tyk.io/docs/planning-for-production/database-settings/) list of supported MongoDB versions. Please make sure you are installing mongo helm chart that matches these versions.

*Important Note regarding MongoDB:* This helm chart enables the PodDisruptionBudget for MongoDB with an arbiter replica-count of 1. If you intend to perform system maintenance on the node where the MongoDB pod is running and this maintenance requires for the node to be drained, this action will be prevented due the replica count being 1. Increase the replica count in the helm chart deployment to a minimum of 2 to remedy this issue.

```yaml
 # Set mongo connection details if you want to configure mongo pump.     
 mongo:
    # The mongoURL value will allow you to set your MongoDB address.
    # Default value: mongodb://mongo.{{ .Release.Namespace }}.svc.cluster.local:27017/tyk_analytics
    # mongoURL: mongodb://mongo.tyk.svc.cluster.local:27017/tyk_analytics
    # If your MongoDB has a password you can add the username and password to the url
    # mongoURL: mongodb://root:pass@tyk-mongo-mongodb.tyk.svc.cluster.local:27017/tyk_analytics?authSource=admin
    mongoURL: <MongoDB address>

    # Enables SSL for MongoDB connection. MongoDB instance will have to support that.
    # Default value: false
    # useSSL: false
```

#### SQL pump
If you are using the SQL pumps in the tyk-oss installation you will require PostgreSQL installed for that as well.

To install PostgreSQL you can use these rather excellent charts provided by Bitnami:

```bash
helm install tyk-postgres bitnami/postgresql --set "auth.database=tyk_analytics" -n tyk
```

(follow notes from the installation output to get connection details and update them in `values.yaml` file)

```yaml
# Set postgres connection details if you want to configure postgres pump.
# Postgres connection string parameters.
postgres:
    host: tyk-postgres-postgresql.tyk.svc.cluster.local
    port: 5432
    user: postgres
    password:
    database: tyk_analytics
    sslmode: disable
```

#### Uptime Pump
Uptime Pump can be configured by setting `pump.uptimePumpBackend` in values.yaml file. It support following values
1. mongo: Used to set mongo pump for uptime analytics. Mongo Pump should be enabled.
2. postgres: Used to set postgres pump for uptime analytics. Postgres Pump should be enabled.
3. empty: Used to disable uptime analytics.

```yaml
    # uptimePumpBackend configures uptime Tyk Pump. ["", "mongo", "postgres"].
    # Set it to "" for disabling uptime Tyk Pump. By default, uptime pump is disabled.
    uptimePumpBackend: ""
```

#### Other Pumps
To setup other backends for pump, refer to this [document](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-pump/blob/master/README.md#pumps--back-ends-supported) and add the required environment variables in `pump.extraEnvs`

<!-- END import from pump doc -->


#### Dashboard
The Tyk Dashboard can be configured by modifying the values under "tyk-dashboard" section of the values.yaml file
The chart is provided with sane defaults such that the only hard requirement is the license which needs to be put under
.Values.global.license.dashboard in order for the bootstrapping process to work.

```yaml
  tyk-dashboard:
    dashboard:
      enableOwnership: true
      defaultPageSize: 10
      notifyOnChange: true
      hashKeys: true
      enableDuplicateSlugs: true
      showOrgId: true
      hostConfig:
        enableHostNames: true
        disableOrgSlugPrefix: true
        overrideHostname: "dashboard-svc-tyk-pro.tyk.svc.cluster.local"
      homeDir: "/opt/tyk-dashboard"
      useShardedAnalytics: false
      enableAggregateLookups: true
      enableAnalyticsCache: true
      allowExplicitPolicyId: true
      oauthRedirectUriSeparator: ";"
      keyRequestFields: "appName;appType"
      dashboardSessionLifetime: 43200
      ssoEnableUserLookup: true
      notificationsListenPort: 5000
      enableDeleteKeyByHash: true
      enableUpdateKeyByHash: true
      enableHashedKeysListing: true
      enableMultiOrgUsers: true
  
      enableIstioIngress: false
      replicaCount: 1
      image:
        repository: tykio/tyk-dashboard
        tag: v5.0.0
        pullPolicy: Always
      service:
        type: NodePort
        externalTrafficPolicy: Local
        annotations: {}
  
      resources: {}
        # We usually recommend not to specify default resources and to leave this
        # as a conscious choice for the user. This also increases chances charts
        # run on environments with little resources, such as Minikube. If you do
        # want to specify resources, uncomment the following lines, adjust them
        # as necessary, and remove the curly braces after 'resources:'.
        # limits:
      #  cpu: 100m
      #  memory: 128Mi
      # requests:
      #  cpu: 100m
      #  memory: 128Mi
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 2000
      nodeSelector: {}
      tolerations: []
      affinity: {}
      extraEnvs: []
      ## extraVolumes A list of volumes to be added to the pod
      ## extraVolumes:
      ##   - name: ca-certs
      ##     secret:
      ##       defaultMode: 420
      ##       secretName: ca-certs
      extraVolumes: []
      ## extraVolumeMounts A list of volume mounts to be added to the pod
      ## extraVolumeMounts:
      ##   - name: ca-certs
      ##     mountPath: /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certs.crt
      ##     readOnly: true
      extraVolumeMounts: []
      mounts: []
  
      # Dashboard will only bootstrap if the master bootstrap option is set to true.
      bootstrap: true
  
      # The hostname to bind the Dashboard to.
      hostName: tyk-dashboard.local
      # If set to true the Dashboard will use SSL connection.
      # You will also need to set the:
      # - TYK_DB_SERVEROPTIONS_CERTIFICATE_CERTFILE
      # - TYK_DB_SERVEROPTIONS_CERTIFICATE_KEYFILE
      # variables in extraEnvs object array to define your SSL cert and key files.
      tls: false
  
      # Dashboard admin information.
      adminUser:
        firstName: admin
        lastName: user
        email: default@example.com
        # Set a password or a random one will be assigned.
        password: "123456"
      # Dashboard Organisation information.
```

Commit message:

[TT-9703] - Update Tyk Pump Configurations docs for Helm charts (#3383)
* Update Tyk Pump Configurations docs for Helm charts
---------

Co-authored-by: dcs3spp <dcs3spp@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Yaara <yaara@tyk.io>
Co-authored-by: Pranshu <104971506+singhpr@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Simon Pears <simon@tyk.io>

(cherry picked from commit 8eeffa8df799da324a064fe47b791bc12c48275a)

tyk-docs/content/tyk-self-managed/tyk-helm-chart-single-dc.md, after:

---
title: "Deploy Tyk Self Managed using new Helm Chart"
date: 2022-07-10
tags: ["Tyk Self Managed", "Single Data Center", "Kubernetes"]
description: "How to deploy Tyk Self Managed on Kubernetes using new Helm Chart"
menu:
  main:
    parent: "Tyk Helm Chart "
weight: 1
---

## New Tyk Helm Charts (Beta)

Tyk is working to provide a new set of helm charts, and will progressively roll them out at [tyk-charts](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-charts). It will provide component charts for all Tyk Components, as well as umbrella charts as reference configurations for open source and self-managed users.

{{< warning success >}}
**Warning**

The new Helm Charts are in the beta stage. Breaking changes may be introduced before stable release.
{{< /warning >}}

To deploy Tyk Self Managed (for single data center) using the new helm chart, please use [tyk-single-dc](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-charts/tree/main/tyk-single-dc) chart.

## Tyk Self Managed (Single Data Center)

`tyk-single-dc` provides the default deployment of Tyk Self Managed on single data center. It will deploy all required Tyk components with the settings provided in the values.yaml file.

It includes:
- Tyk Gateway, an open source Enterprise API Gateway (supporting REST, GraphQL, TCP and gRPC protocols)
- Tyk Pump, an analytics purger that moves the data generated by your Tyk nodes to any back-end. Furthermore, it has all the required modifications to easily connect to Tyk Cloud or Multi Data Center (MDCB) control plane.
- Tyk Dashboard, a license based component that provides GUI management interface and analytics platform for Tyk

## Introduction

By default, this chart installs the following components as sub-charts on a [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh/) package manager.
| Component | Enabled by Default | Flag |
| --------- | ------------------ | ---- |
|Tyk Gateway |true  | n/a                    |
|Tyk Pump    |true | global.components.pump |
|Tyk Dashboard| true| global.components.dashboard | 

To enable or disable each component, change the corresponding enabled flag.

Also, you can set the version of each component through `image.tag`. You could find the list of version tags available from [Docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/tykio).

## Prerequisites

* [Kubernetes 1.19+](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/)
* [Helm 3+](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)
* [Redis](https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-oss/ce-helm-chart/#recommended-via-bitnami-chart) should already be installed or accessible by the gateway. 

## Installing The Chart

To install the chart from Helm repository in the namespace `tyk` with the release name `tyk-single-dc`:
```bash
helm repo add tyk-helm https://helm.tyk.io/public/helm/charts/
helm repo update
helm show values tyk-helm/tyk-single-dc > values-single-dc.yaml --devel
```

*If you use the Bitnami chart for Redis installation, the DNS name of your Redis as set by Bitnami is `tyk-redis-master.tyk.svc.cluster.local:6379`. 

You can update them in your local `values-single-dc.yaml` file under `global.redis.addr` and `global.redis.pass`. 

Alternatively, you can use `--set` flag to set it in Tyk installation. For example `--set global.redis.pass=$REDIS_PASSWORD`

*All the values above are just examples, please input the values specific for your deployment.

Then just run:
```bash
helm install tyk-single-dc tyk-helm/tyk-single-dc -n tyk --create-namespace -f values-single-dc.yaml --devel
```

## Uninstalling The Chart

```bash
helm uninstall tyk-single-dc -n tyk
```
This removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Upgrading Chart

```bash
helm upgrade tyk-single-dc tyk-helm/tyk-single-dc -n tyk --devel
```

_Note: Upgrading from tyk-pro chart_

If you were using `tyk-pro` chart for the existing release, you cannot upgrade directly. Please modify the values.yaml based on your requirements and install using the new `tyk-single-dc` chart.

## Configuration

To get all configurable options with detailed comments:

```bash
helm show values tyk-helm/tyk-single-dc > values-single-dc.yaml --devel
```

You can update any value in your local `values.yaml` file and use `-f [filename]` flag to override default values during installation. 
Alternatively, you can use `--set` flag to set it in Tyk installation. See [Using Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/using_helm/) for examples.

### Set Redis Connection Details (Required)

Tyk uses Redis for distributed rate-limiting and token storage. You may set `global.redis.addr` and `global.redis.pass` with redis connection 
string and password respectively.

If you do not already have Redis installed, you may use these charts provided by Bitnami

```bash
helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
helm install tyk-redis bitnami/redis -n tyk --create-namespace --set image.tag=6.2.13
```

Follow the notes from the installation output to get connection details and password. The DNS name of your Redis as set by Bitnami is 
`tyk-redis-master.tyk.svc.cluster.local:6379` (Tyk needs the name including the port) 

### Set Mongo or PostgresSQL Connection Details (Required)
If you have already installed Mongo/PostgresSQL, you can set the connection details in `global.mongo` and `global.postgres` section of values file respectively.

If not, you can use these rather excellent charts provided by Bitnami to install mongo/postgres:

**Mongo Installation**

```bash
helm install tyk-mongo bitnami/mongodb --version {HELM_CHART_VERSION} --set "replicaSet.enabled=true" -n tyk
```

**PostgresSQL Installation**
```bash
helm install tyk-postgres bitnami/postgresql --set "auth.database=tyk_analytics" -n tyk
```

Follow the notes from the installation output to get connection details.

>NOTE: Please make sure you are installing Mongo/Postgres versions that are supported by Tyk. Please refer to Tyk docs to get the list of [supported versions]({{< ref "tyk-dashboard/database-options" >}}).

### Gateway Configurations

Configure below inside `tyk-gateway` section.

#### Enabling TLS
We have provided an easy way of enabling TLS via the `global.tls.gateway` flag. Setting this value to true will
automatically enable TLS using the certificate provided under tyk-gateway/certs/cert.pem.

If you want to use your own key/cert pair, you must follow the following steps:
1. Create a TLS secret using your cert and key pair.
2. Set `global.tls.gateway` to true.
3. Set `gateway.tls.useDefaultTykCertificate` to false.
4. Set `gateway.tls.secretName` to the name of the newly created secret.

<!-- END import from gateway doc -->

### Pump Configurations

To enable Pump, set `global.components.pump` to true, and configure below inside `tyk-pump` section.

<!-- BEGIN import from pump doc -->

| Pump                      | Configuration                                                                                              |
|---------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| Prometheus Pump (Default) | Add `prometheus` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for prometheus under `pump.prometheusPump`. |
| Mongo Pump                | Add `mongo` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for mongo under `.mongo`.                        |
| Mongo Selective Pump      | Add `mongo-selective` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for mongo under `.global.mongo`.       |
| Mongo Aggregate Pump      | Add `mongo-aggregate` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for mongo under `.global.mongo`.       |
| Postgres Pump             | Add `postgres` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for postgres under `.postgres`.               |
| Postgres Aggregate Pump   | Add `postgres-aggregate` to `.pump.backend`, and add connection details for postgres under `.global.postgres`.    |
| Uptime Pump               | Set `pump.uptimePumpBackend` to `'mongo'` or `'postgres'` or `''`                                          |
| Other Pumps               | Add the required environment variables in `pump.extraEnvs`                                                 |

> For additional information on Tyk Pump configurations, refer to the
[Setup Dashboard Analytics]({{< ref "tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-dashboard-config" >}}) page. 

> To explore the list of supported backends for Tyk Pump, please visit [other data stores for Tyk Pump]({{< ref "/tyk-stack/tyk-pump/other-data-stores" >}}). 


#### Prometheus Pump
Add `prometheus` to `pump.backend`, and add connection details for Prometheus under `pump.prometheusPump`. 

We also support monitoring using Prometheus Operator. All you have to do is set `pump.prometheusPump.prometheusOperator.enabled` to true.
This will create a _PodMonitor_ resource for your Pump instance.

```yaml
    # prometheusPump configures Tyk Pump to expose Prometheus metrics.
    # Please add "prometheus" to .Values.pump.backend in order to enable Prometheus Pump.
    prometheusPump:
      # host represents the host without port, where Tyk Pump serve the metrics for Prometheus.
      host: ""
      # port represents the port where Tyk Pump serve the metrics for Prometheus.
      port: 9090
      # path represents the path to the Prometheus collection. For example /metrics.
      path: /metrics
      # customMetrics allows defining custom Prometheus metrics for Tyk Pump.
      # It accepts a string that represents a JSON object. For instance,
      #
      # customMetrics: '[{"name":"tyk_http_requests_total","description":"Total of API requests","metric_type":"counter","labels":["response_code","api_name","method","api_key","alias","path"]},          {              "name":"tyk_http_latency",              "description":"Latency of API requests",              "metric_type":"histogram",              "labels":["type","response_code","api_name","method","api_key","alias","path"]          }]'
      customMetrics: ""
      # If you are using prometheus Operator, set the fields in the section below.
      prometheusOperator:
        # enabled determines whether the Prometheus Operator is in use or not. By default,
        # it is disabled.
        # Tyk Pump can be monitored with PodMonitor Custom Resource of Prometheus Operator.
        # If enabled, PodMonitor resource is created based on .Values.pump.prometheusPump.prometheusOperator.podMonitorSelector
        # for Tyk Pump.
        enabled: false
        # podMonitorSelector represents a podMonitorSelector of your Prometheus resource. So that
        # your Prometheus resource can select PodMonitor objects based on selector defined here.
        # Please set this field to the podMonitorSelector field of your monitoring.coreos.com/v1
        # Prometheus resource's spec.
        #
        # You can check the podMonitorSelector via:
        #   kubectl describe prometheuses.monitoring.coreos.com <PROMETHEUS_POD>
        podMonitorSelector:
          release: prometheus-stack
```

#### Mongo pump
If you are using the MongoDB pumps in the tyk-oss installation you will require MongoDB installed for that as well.

To install Mongo you can use these rather excellent charts provided by Bitnami:

```bash
helm install tyk-mongo bitnami/mongodb --version {HELM_CHART_VERSION} --set "replicaSet.enabled=true" -n tyk
```

(follow notes from the installation output to get connection details and update them in `values.yaml` file)

NOTE: [Here is]({{< ref "planning-for-production/database-settings" >}}) list of supported MongoDB versions. Please make sure you are installing mongo helm chart that matches these versions.

*Important Note regarding MongoDB:* This helm chart enables the PodDisruptionBudget for MongoDB with an arbiter replica-count of 1. If you intend to perform system maintenance on the node where the MongoDB pod is running and this maintenance requires for the node to be drained, this action will be prevented due to the replica count being 1. Increase the replica count in the helm chart deployment to a minimum of 2 to remedy this issue.

```yaml
 # Set mongo connection details if you want to configure mongo pump.     
 mongo:
    # The mongoURL value will allow you to set your MongoDB address.
    # Default value: mongodb://mongo.{{ .Release.Namespace }}.svc.cluster.local:27017/tyk_analytics
    # mongoURL: mongodb://mongo.tyk.svc.cluster.local:27017/tyk_analytics
    # If your MongoDB has a password you can add the username and password to the url
    # mongoURL: mongodb://root:pass@tyk-mongo-mongodb.tyk.svc.cluster.local:27017/tyk_analytics?authSource=admin
    mongoURL: <MongoDB address>

    # Enables SSL for MongoDB connection. MongoDB instance will have to support that.
    # Default value: false
    # useSSL: false
```

#### SQL pump
If you are using the SQL pumps in the tyk-oss installation you will require PostgreSQL installed for that as well.

To install PostgreSQL you can use these rather excellent charts provided by Bitnami:

```bash
helm install tyk-postgres bitnami/postgresql --set "auth.database=tyk_analytics" -n tyk
```

(follow notes from the installation output to get connection details and update them in `values.yaml` file)

```yaml
# Set postgres connection details if you want to configure postgres pump.
# Postgres connection string parameters.
postgres:
    host: tyk-postgres-postgresql.tyk.svc.cluster.local
    port: 5432
    user: postgres
    password:
    database: tyk_analytics
    sslmode: disable
```

#### Uptime Pump
Uptime Pump can be configured by setting `pump.uptimePumpBackend` in values.yaml file. It supports the following values
1. mongo: Used to set Mongo pump for uptime analytics. Mongo Pump should be enabled.
2. postgres: Used to set Postgres pump for uptime analytics. Postgres Pump should be enabled.
3. empty: Used to disable uptime analytics.

```yaml
    # uptimePumpBackend configures uptime Tyk Pump. ["", "mongo", "postgres"].
    # Set it to "" for disabling uptime Tyk Pump. By default, uptime pump is disabled.
    uptimePumpBackend: ""
```

#### Other Pumps
To set up other backends for Tyk Pump, refer to this [document](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-pump/blob/master/README.md#pumps--back-ends-supported) and add the required environment variables in `pump.extraEnvs`

<!-- END import from pump doc -->


#### Dashboard
The Tyk Dashboard can be configured by modifying the values under `tyk-dashboard` section of the values.yaml file
The chart is provided with sane defaults such that the only hard requirement is the license which needs to be put under
`.Values.global.license.dashboard` in order for the bootstrapping process to work.

```yaml
  tyk-dashboard:
    dashboard:
      enableOwnership: true
      defaultPageSize: 10
      notifyOnChange: true
      hashKeys: true
      enableDuplicateSlugs: true
      showOrgId: true
      hostConfig:
        enableHostNames: true
        disableOrgSlugPrefix: true
        overrideHostname: "dashboard-svc-tyk-pro.tyk.svc.cluster.local"
      homeDir: "/opt/tyk-dashboard"
      useShardedAnalytics: false
      enableAggregateLookups: true
      enableAnalyticsCache: true
      allowExplicitPolicyId: true
      oauthRedirectUriSeparator: ";"
      keyRequestFields: "appName;appType"
      dashboardSessionLifetime: 43200
      ssoEnableUserLookup: true
      notificationsListenPort: 5000
      enableDeleteKeyByHash: true
      enableUpdateKeyByHash: true
      enableHashedKeysListing: true
      enableMultiOrgUsers: true
  
      enableIstioIngress: false
      replicaCount: 1
      image:
        repository: tykio/tyk-dashboard
        tag: v5.0.0
        pullPolicy: Always
      service:
        type: NodePort
        externalTrafficPolicy: Local
        annotations: {}
  
      resources: {}
        # We usually recommend not to specify default resources and to leave this
        # as a conscious choice for the user. This also increases chances charts
        # run on environments with little resources, such as Minikube. If you do
        # want to specify resources, uncomment the following lines, adjust them
        # as necessary, and remove the curly braces after 'resources:'.
        # limits:
      #  cpu: 100m
      #  memory: 128Mi
      # requests:
      #  cpu: 100m
      #  memory: 128Mi
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 1000
        fsGroup: 2000
      nodeSelector: {}
      tolerations: []
      affinity: {}
      extraEnvs: []
      ## extraVolumes A list of volumes to be added to the pod
      ## extraVolumes:
      ##   - name: ca-certs
      ##     secret:
      ##       defaultMode: 420
      ##       secretName: ca-certs
      extraVolumes: []
      ## extraVolumeMounts A list of volume mounts to be added to the pod
      ## extraVolumeMounts:
      ##   - name: ca-certs
      ##     mountPath: /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certs.crt
      ##     readOnly: true
      extraVolumeMounts: []
      mounts: []
  
      # Dashboard will only bootstrap if the master bootstrap option is set to true.
      bootstrap: true
  
      # The hostname to bind the Dashboard to.
      hostName: tyk-dashboard.local
      # If set to true the Dashboard will use SSL connection.
      # You will also need to set the:
      # - TYK_DB_SERVEROPTIONS_CERTIFICATE_CERTFILE
      # - TYK_DB_SERVEROPTIONS_CERTIFICATE_KEYFILE
      # variables in extraEnvs object array to define your SSL cert and key files.
      tls: false
  
      # Dashboard admin information.
      adminUser:
        firstName: admin
        lastName: user
        email: default@example.com
        # Set a password or a random one will be assigned.
        password: "123456"
      # Dashboard Organisation information.
```
